# CS-320

    How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
    Firstly I would ensure that as I make my code that it is as functional and secure as possible while making it neat and short as possible. This is important because just by doing this you will prevent many errors that could be found in the code down the line. After that I would make sure too test the code so that any errors that I left or did not notice can be taken care of through testing such as JUnit testing which is a very useful tool that will test your code for you which makes it much easier than manual testing. Ensuring that your JUnit coverage percentages are very high is a good way to ensure that your code, program, or software is functional and secure.
    How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
    I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program by first breaking down what these needs are and figure out how I can implement them into the program while making the code as functional and secure as possible. Its important to break down the user's needs so that you are aware of what is required of your programs finished product, without the correct outputs and user needs done, the program can be considered incomplete or even a failure since it does not meet the requirements.
    How do I approach designing software?
I approach designing software as if I was a software designer and software tester since it is important too be aware of many things when making your software. Being aware of the security is a very important aspect since unsecure software can lead too many problems such as leaking confidential user data as well as company data. Another aspect too be aware of is that the code will likely need to be updated in the future if the company requires more out of the software down the line if they were too expand their adventures, so making code neat and short is important because it will make it easily updatable so that yourself or future developers have an easy time working on these updates. Another reason too have this kind of mindset is that designers will make checklists too make sure they are aware of what is required of their software as well as run tests too ensure that these requirements are met.
